{
    "title": "Meal Plan For: 2020-05-17",
    "date": "2020-05-18T10:44:36-04:00",
    "draft": true,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Flatbread: collards, carmelized onions, bacon"},{"title":"Flatbread: fried artichokes, mushrooms, oregano, thyme, ricotta blobs"},{"title":"Flatbread: Ricotta, roasted red pepper, scallions, olives"},{"title":"Steamed broccoli"},{"title":"Fried artichokes"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover flatbread"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Split pea soup"},{"title":"Collards"},{"title":"Cornbread"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover split pea soup"}],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Pan-fried chicken breast"},{"title":"Roasted potatoes"},{"title":"Green beans"},{"title":"Braised Harukei turnips"},{"title":"Cabbage salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Chicken, mushroom and artichoke risotto"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Grocery week. Starting to plan out long-term groceries so I know what I can get from farms and what I can start ordering to minimize trips to the grocery stores, which are no longer any fun in this covid climate.

## During the Week

**Sunday**: Nice trio of flatbreads for dinner with two vegetable sides. All were good but the final one with a bed of ricotta covered by the peppers, scallions and olives was the best.

**Monday**: Split pea soup came out fantastic. Cooked peas in water until there was little left (without burning peas) then added chicken broth to cover the peas. Pan-fried leek, celery and onion until lightly browned then added to soup while reserving some of the onions for the collards. Pan-fried two slices of bacon (chopped), reserved some of it for collards and added remainder plus some of the bacon fat into the soup. Simmered a bit longer. Soup came out perfect. Cooked collards with reserved onions and bacon and a bit of chicken stock. My wife said of the soup: "Fucking amazing."

**Tuesday**: Walked the beltline to the grocery store. Depressing as usual these days although I did get a whole chicken so...chin up. For breakfast I mixed 2 eggs with a scoop of ricotta plus leftover broccoli (chopped) and the remaining spinach pesto from the flatbreads a few days back. Made a wonderful tortilla/omelette. You could easily leave out the ricotta. Great way to reuse leftovers and remainders in the fridge. 

**Wednesday**: Prepped the whole chicken for the remaining dinners this week. Picked up farm vegetables including 25 pounds of scratch 'n' dent peachs from which I will make preserves, a tart/pie, dried peaches and whatever else seems fun.

**Thursday**: Started drying two racks of peaches in the basement which now smells amazing.

**Friday**: 

**Saturday**:


## After The Week
