{
    "title": "Meal Plan For: 2020-04-19",
    "date": "2020-04-20T08:47:14-04:00",
    "draft": true,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [ { "title": "leftovers" } ],
            "dinner": [ { "title": "Made-up Shiro Soup" } ]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [ { "title": "Leftover shiro soup" }, { "title": "Cornbread" } ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Fried Tilapia" },
                { "title": "Rice" },
                { "title": "Cauliflower" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [ { "title": "leftovers" } ],
            "dinner": [ { "title": "fusilli with tomato sauce" }, { "title": "fresh bread buns" }]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [ { "title": "leftovers" } ],
            "dinner": [ { "title": "black bean tacos" }]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [ { "title": "leftovers" } ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "roasted pork shoulder" },
                { "title": "mashed potatoes" }, 
                { "title": "steamed broccoli" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Orecchiette with sausage and rapini" } 
            ]
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Made meal plans a bit late - Monday morning - and then incomplete (gonna wing it mid-week onward). Pulling unused recipe from last week (Tilapia) into this week (fish is frozen so no problems there). Probably going to need to pull a few proteins out of the freezer. Looking forward to doing some volunteering with a local brew pub (The Wrecking Bar) and Georgia Organics to distribute local, organic produce. Not sure how we're going to remain socially-distant and get this done. Guess I'll find out and with any luck, bring back a bunch of produce so I can skip the grocery store this week.

## During the Week

**Sunday**: Started off the week with a bang - got creative and made a great soup with random bits from the fridge and some Ethiopian shiro powder (made from red lentils). [put this recipe somewhere and link to it].  

**Monday**: Good breakfast Spanish tortilla riff. Whipped an egg, added some leftover rice, added some leftover soup from previous night and added a scoop of ricotta. Good creative use of leftovers.

**Tuesday**: We both wanted something simple so changed from tacos to simple pasta.

**Wednesday**: Standard black bean tacos with cabbage, scallions, etc. Ran out of corn tortillas so had to use flour. Boo.

**Thursday**: Batting cleanup for lunch as there's a lot to do around the house today including grind some pork to freeze and get a chunk of shoulder into the oven to slow roast for dinner. Roasted the shoulder in a liquid of honey (spicy), orange juice, hibiscus tea, cumin and oregano. Came out great.

**Friday**: Leftovers and rummaging. Didn't feel like doing anything...except gaming.

**Saturday**: Late breakfast of fried egg over leftover pork shoulder and sauteed potatoes. Made separate pasta condiments - with sausage and rapini for me, with tomato sauce and ground pork for my wife.

## After The Week

Winged it a good bit. Realized that meal planning efforts and food sequencing are tied together and probably should be the content focus for this site as getting better at sequencing meals has so many benefits.
