{
    "title": "Meals For: 2020-05-03",
    "date": "2020-05-04T08:01:13-04:00",
    "draft": true,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Meat balls"},{"title":"Sautéed Cauliflower with butter/lemon"},{"title":"Cabbage/carrot salad"},{"title":"Red pepper/leek/onion sautee"},{"title":"Corn bread muffins"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover Spanish Tortilla sortof"}],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Sautéed Chicken Breast"},{"title":"Sautéed Broccoli"},{"title":"Black-eye Pea Stew"},{"title":"Cabbage salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Chicken, yellow rice, peppers, cabbage, onions"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Fried Chicken"},{"title":"Roasted Potatoes"},{"title":"Cabbage salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover random weirdness"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Takeout from the Wrecking Bar"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Ordered a bunch of local farm produce to pickup on Wednesday including chicken livers which I'm excited about (ravioli? paté?). Need to do a better job getting the meals planned and documented as last week was a bit crap. Also need to plan some meals that can be made early in order to take advantage of the beautiful weather and spend the early evenings sitting outside in the yard.

## During the Week

**Sunday**: Had some ground beef leftover from the shepherd's pie last week so used it to make a few meatballs. Dinner was good. Had the beef been from a more reputable source than Publix I would have preferred it cooked less. Good flavor with smoked pimenton in the mix. 

**Monday**: Took the leftover meatballs, red pepper and onion and cauliflower, chopped them up and mixed them with 2 eggs, ricotta and some flour. Baked the mix in a pie dish. 

**Tuesday**: Butchered the whole chicken and made simple fried/sautéed chicken breast with a variety of vegetables. Pretty quick, simple and light.

**Wednesday**: Making broth with the remainder of the chicken carcasse and a bunch of various cheap chicken bits I bought at the market on Tuesday.

**Thursday**: For breakfast I sautéed some ham and broccoli raab then added leftover rice and black-eye peas. Pretty good. Lunch also leftovers with some extra mushrooms and potatoes stewed in chicken broth.

**Friday**: For both breakfast and lunch I grabbed a variety of leftovers and threw them together for quick meals. Breakfast included some eggs and ricotta to bind some black-eye peas and vegetables together. Lunch was more of a soup/stew with random stuff. For dinner we had our first take-out meal since quarantine started. Wife ordered burger and fries and the fries were cold. Ordering fries for takeout is destined to end in disappointment.

**Saturday**: Lunch was a paella from leftover fried chicken, black-eye peas, leek and roasted red pepper. I made a flatbread in the evening with a mushroom, roasted red pepper and scallion pesto...was better last time without the red peppers and with more thyme.


## After The Week

It's pretty clear that since I have plenty of time and no pressure that pre-planning meals for the entire week is unlikely to happen until things change. It's also clear I need to plan a few of the meals so that I have some structure to the week as going full random/roll-the-dice isn't helpful.