{
    "title": "Meal Plan For: 2020-05-10",
    "date": "2020-05-11T08:53:04-04:00",
    "draft": true,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Orecchiette two ways"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Sautéed Cod"},{"title":"Green beans"},{"title":"Smashed potatoes"},{"title":"Cabbage/spinach salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Two-bean chili"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Fava bean, Harukei turnips and ground pork soup"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Sautée with ground beef, snow peas, carrots, mushrooms, cabbage, lemon grass and coconut milk on top of rice"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Flatbread: ricotta, arugula and mushroom pesto"}, {"title":"Flatbread: spinach and almond pesto, bacon"}, {"title":"Harukei turnips cooked in leftover bacon fat"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Planning a little late (Monday). 


## During the Week

**Sunday**: For dinner I made orecchiette with pork and tomato sauce (wife) as well as orecchiette with pork and broccoli raab (me - wife doesn't like raab). Good stuff. Ate way too much though because I love that dish so much. It always reminds me that pasta dishes without tomato sauce are way underappreciated in this country.

**Tuesday**: Wife made a new vegetarian chili recipe. Made the house smell rather good.

**Wednesday**: For lunch took the leftover fava bean soup and added a few extra things to make it feel like a new dish. For dinner sautéed a bunch a vegetables with lemongrass for flavor. Added some coconut milk and served it over rice.

**Friday**: Made a few flatbreads for dinner continuing the flatbread experiment to see what simple versions I can design that we enjoy.


## After The Week

Did a pretty poor job of documenting the meals. Also got a bit lazy in cooking as you can see from the lack of Monday and Thursday entries. Time for an attitude change.