{
    "title": "Meals For: 2020-04-26",
    "date": "2020-04-26T10:23:59-04:00",
    "draft": false,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Brined roast pork"}, {"title":"Braised collards"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Roasted chicken"}, {"title":"Mashed potatoes"}, {"title":"Roasted vegetables"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Polenta with Collards"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Sauteed Tilapia"},{"title":"Broccoli and Cauliflower"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Shiro soup with leftover chicken"}],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Shepherd's Pie"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Split Pea Soup"}]
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Planning the first few days of the week; winging the rest. Given the extra free time on my hands, this seems to be working just fine. 


## During the Week

**Sunday**: Pork was just the right size cut - no leftovers. Plenty of extra collards.

**Monday**: Standard brined chicken.

**Tuesday**: Lazy lunch - made some polenta and dumped the leftover collards on top. Quite good. Have to remember that next time.

**Wednesday**: Another good shiro soup although this one was pretty simple and could have used a few more layers of flavor and vegetables. Used the leftover broth vegetables to make a cream soup with the shiro then added chopped up leftover chicken. Note: when using leeks and celery (or other stringy vegetables) remember the stringy bits are annoying and also time-consuming to strain. 

**Thursday**: I think we grazed.

**Friday**: Got dinner prepped early in order to spend the late afternoon outside in the yard. Need to do this more often in spring when I'd rather be out in the yard than in the kitchen.

**Saturday**: Made some excellent flat bread to go with the soup. Put a few king oyster and oyster mushrooms in the food processor with a bunch of fresh thyme and some olives and high-quality olive oil. Spread it onto the pizza dough. Excellent stuff although should not have added the calabrian chili oil as it overpowered the other stuff.


## After The Week

Kind of a crap week for tracking meals as you can see by the holes in the list above. The highlight of the week would have been that flat bread had I not dumped too much hot oil on it. Will definitely make it again without the oil so the mushroom and thyme come through.