{
    "title": "Meals For: 2020-04-12",
    "date": "2020-04-13T10:39:46-04:00",
    "draft": false,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "leftovers" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Split Pea Soup" },
                { "title": "Breadsticks" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "Leftover Broth Vegetable Soup" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Caneloni" },
                { "title": "Cabbage/carrot salad" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "Lentil/Bean Stew" },
                { "title": "Cauliflower" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Saut&eacute;ed Chicken Breast with Lemon" },
                { "title": "Sweet Potato" },
                { "title": "Broccoli" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "leftovers" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Bibimbap with Chicken" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "figure it out" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Fried Chicken Thighs/Legs/Wings" },
                { "title": "Roasted New Potatoes" },
                { "title": "Asparagus" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "leftovers" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Hard-boiled Eggs"},
                { "title": "Roasted Carrots, Beets, New Potatoes" }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [
                { "title": "figure it out" }
            ],
            "dinner": [
                { "title": "Fried Tilapia" },
                { "title": "Rice" },
                { "title": "Cauliflower/Broccoli" }
            ]
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Went to the grocery store last Thursday so the fridge is pretty full. As we had a roasted chicken last week, we now have about a half-gallon of chicken broth I made on Saturday. Bought two chickens so still have one for a few meals this week plus additional broth to make.


## During the Week

**Sunday**: Made breadsticks with the standard recipe (yeast, flour, water salt) and I added some paprika to the dough which gave it some fun, streaky coloration. Also rolled the sticks in sesame seeds before baking. Pretty good - needed salt though (note to self: stop winging this measurement).

**Monday**: Used carrots/celery leftover from broth + some chopped cabbage + broth to make a soup base. Puréed it and added leftover chopped chicken meat. Made a great lunch and made use of broth vegetables that might normally be wasted. Caneloni came out pretty good (better ricotta) and gave us lunch leftovers for my wife.

**Tuesday**: Lunch was leftover cleanup. During dinner prep, utchered whole chicken into parts for subsequent meals. Baked Japanese sweet potatoes - so good.

**Wednesday**: Strayed from the bibimbap recipe, which is usually fine, but without any particular goal/direction in mind. Came out fine but not great or unified flavors. 

**Thursday**: Bad day. Didn't care to make dinner so I ate some cut up raw vegetables. Didn't eat together with my wife.

**Friday**: A little bit better day although not much. Made fried chicken dinner from Thursday. Brightened up the day as it was quite good.

**Saturday**: Homemade pizza for lunch. Wasn't hungry at dinner so we both rummaged the fridge for leftovers/etc. 


## After The Week

The week started out on track, strayed a bit and ended well in terms of what I cooked and using leftovers and other bits to reduce waste. However, didn't meal plan on the weekend which isn't ideal so doing it Monday which is a bit late. Sometimes that's how it goes.

