{
    "title": "Meals For: 2020-05-24",
    "date": "2020-05-24T18:32:08-04:00",
    "draft": false,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Fusilli with tomato sauce"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "breakfast": [{"title":"Fried eggs"}, {"title":"Pan-fried potatoes"}, {"title":"Pan-fried cabbage with leftover pickle juice"}],
            "lunch": [{"title":"Fresh pasta with artichokes"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Grilled pork chops"},{"title":"Grilled broccoli"},{"title":"Black lentils"},{"title":"Rice"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "breakfast": [{"title":"Omelette with fried mushrooms and radish greens"}],
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover mix"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Lentil soup"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Bibimbap with pork"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Roasted whole chicken"}, {"title":"Mashed potatoes"}, {"title":"Braised collards"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Pork chop"},{"title":"Spicy bok choy"}, {"title":"Lentil stew"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Salad with leftover chicken"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "breakfast": [{"title":"Leftover bibimbap + leftover spicy bok choy + fried egg"}],
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Black bean taco salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Chicken pot pie"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Leftover salad"}]
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Did a little more pre-planning after a Monday morning trip to get propane and a few groceries. Looking forward to finally using the grill outside.

## During the Week

**Sunday**: Made a rustic tart with some of the remaining peaches. Drying the remainder as the peaches are going to be past their tomorrow morning or so. The basement smells ridiculously good thanks to the drying peaches. Using the remaining tomato sauce from pizza night the previous day to make a simple pasta dish for dinner.

**Monday**: Used leftover juice/brine from a jar of hot jalapeños to cook some cabbage with breakfast. Really good stuff. Afternoon/evening rain - switched to pan-frying + oven finishing for pork chops, steamed broccoli.

**Tuesday**: Lunch = leftovers from last night - rice, lentils, broccoli - combined and reheated in a pan. Had to delay roasting the chicken a day because I forgot to put it in the brine last night. Ugh. Lentil soup was good though and now we have lunch leftovers.

**Wednesday**: The only bad thing about bibimbap at lunch is cleaning up. Lightly pickled cabbage and spicy bok choy were the best tastes. Dinner's chicken was stellar as usual. It's hard to go wrong with a brined and roasted chicken.

**Thursday**: Excellent salad making use of farm lettuce and leftovers.

**Friday**: Was going to be taco night but given the immense amount of fresh lettuce we have, we ate salad.

**Saturday**: Chicken pot cobbler is more accurate - used buttermilk biscuit topping instead of making a pie crust. Faster and easier.


## After The Week

This was a good week to show how a whole chicken can influence meals for several days. Roasted the chicken Wednesday evening which then influenced dinner Thursday, Friday and Saturday as well as Saturday's lunch. Then made broth which will be used in the coming week.
