{
    "title": "Meals For: 2020-05-17",
    "date": "2020-05-18T10:44:36-04:00",
    "draft": true,
    "days": [
        {
            "name": "sunday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Flatbread: collards, carmelized onions, bacon"},{"title":"Flatbread: fried artichokes, mushrooms, oregano, thyme, ricotta blobs"},{"title":"Flatbread: Ricotta, roasted red pepper, scallions, olives"},{"title":"Steamed broccoli"},{"title":"Fried artichokes"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "monday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover flatbread"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Split pea soup"},{"title":"Collards"},{"title":"Cornbread"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "tuesday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover split pea soup"}],
            "dinner": []
        },
        {
            "name": "wednesday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Pan-fried chicken breast"},{"title":"Roasted potatoes"},{"title":"Green beans"},{"title":"Braised Harukei turnips"},{"title":"Cabbage salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "thursday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Chicken, mushroom and artichoke risotto"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "friday",
            "lunch": [{"title":"Leftover risotto"}],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Fried chicken thighs, legs, wings"},{"title":"Roasted carrots"},{"title":"Leftover green beans"},{"title":"Cabbage salad"}]
        },
        {
            "name": "saturday",
            "lunch": [],
            "dinner": [{"title":"Pizza with smoked mozzarella, fried oyster mushrooms, bacon, carmelized leeks and onion"}]
        }
    ]
}

## Before The Week

Grocery week. Starting to plan out long-term groceries so I know what I can get from farms and what I can start ordering to minimize trips to the grocery stores, which are no longer any fun in this covid climate.

## During the Week

**Sunday**: Nice trio of flatbreads for dinner with two vegetable sides. All were good but the final one with a bed of ricotta covered by the peppers, scallions and olives was the best.

**Monday**: Split pea soup came out fantastic. Cooked peas in water until there was little left (without burning peas) then added chicken broth to cover the peas. Pan-fried leek, celery and onion until lightly browned then added to soup while reserving some of the onions for the collards. Pan-fried two slices of bacon (chopped), reserved some of it for collards and added remainder plus some of the bacon fat into the soup. Simmered a bit longer. Soup came out perfect. Cooked collards with reserved onions and bacon and a bit of chicken stock. My wife said of the soup: "Fucking amazing."

**Tuesday**: Walked the beltline to the grocery store. Depressing as usual these days although I did get a whole chicken so...chin up. For breakfast I mixed 2 eggs with a scoop of ricotta plus leftover broccoli (chopped) and the remaining spinach pesto from the flatbreads a few days back. Made a wonderful tortilla/omelette. You could easily leave out the ricotta. Great way to reuse leftovers and remainders in the fridge. 

**Wednesday**: Prepped the whole chicken for the remaining dinners this week. Picked up farm vegetables including 25 pounds of scratch 'n' dent peachs from which I will make preserves, a tart/pie, dried peaches and whatever else seems fun.

**Thursday**: Started drying two racks of peaches in the basement which now smells amazing. Making a hefty risotto to provide a few extra meals of leftovers.

**Friday**: Fried chicken made my normal way in cast iron, started on the stove and finished in the oven. Roasted local farm carrots were great.

**Saturday**: I knew this pizza was going to be good as soon as it was constructed and ready for the oven. It was. It's now clear that while the flatbreads I've been making are pretty good, my pizzas are just better. 


## After The Week

Good sequence of meals to show how much a single chicken can be extended. Also really enjoyed having all those peaches as I made a sorbetto, preserves, bellinis, dried peaches, a tart and still ate many, many fresh peaches. Pretty sad that they're not available this next week.